README.md, before:

# UTS UniViewer - App Development in the iOS Environment Assignment 3

## Purpose
UTS UniViewer is an iOS Application for students at the University of Technology Sydney which allows students to view and leave reviews for subjects that they are taking in the current semester.

## Feature List:
- Review subjects that you are currently taking or have taken in the past
- Have your subjects displayed and saved to your account, as well as their reviews
- See any review for any subject left by any student - all data is persistent
- Retrieve a subject outline for your chosen subject. To do this we pull subject data from the following [public API](https://cis-admin-api.uts.edu.au/subject-outlines/index.cfm/)

## Authors
- 24799379 Rayan El Taher
- 24567036 Ilias Vasiliou
- 14475014 Justin

## Self Mark
- [x] Data modelling: Do the data structures reflect the problem domain? (2 mark)  
- [x] Immutable data and idempotent methods: Is the type system used to prevent incorrect code from being written? (2 mark)  
- [x] Functional separation: Is the problem broken down into meaning parts? (3 mark)  
- [x] Loose coupling: Can parts be changed in isolation of each other? (2 mark)  
- [x] Extensibility: How easy would it be to add, remove, or change functionality? Could a new  mechanic or new content be added by changing data instead of changing code? (2 mark)  
- [x] Error handling: Are errors detected at appropriate places? Is the user prevented from  entering invalid input and guided toward valid input? (2 mark)  
- [x] Demonstration of collaborative work on Github. (2 mark)

Commit message:

Add ability to download and preview outlines in app + update README to add a demo

README.md, after:

# UTS UniViewer - App Development in the iOS Environment Assignment 3

## Purpose
UTS UniViewer is an iOS Application for students at the University of Technology Sydney which allows students to view and leave reviews for subjects that they are taking in the current semester.

## Feature List:
- [x] Review subjects that you are currently taking or have taken in the past
- [x] Have your subjects displayed and saved to your account, as well as their reviews
- [x] See any review for any subject left by any student - all data is persistent
- [x] Retrieve a subject outline for your chosen subject based on your chosen parameters. To do this we pull subject data from the following [public API](https://cis-admin-api.uts.edu.au/subject-outlines/index.cfm/)

## Demo:
[demo](media/demo.mp4)

## Authors
- 24799379 Rayan El Taher
- 24567036 Ilias Vasiliou
- 14475014 Justin

## Self Mark
- [x] Data modelling: Do the data structures reflect the problem domain? (2 mark)  
- [x] Immutable data and idempotent methods: Is the type system used to prevent incorrect code from being written? (2 mark)  
- [x] Functional separation: Is the problem broken down into meaning parts? (3 mark)  
- [x] Loose coupling: Can parts be changed in isolation of each other? (2 mark)  
- [x] Extensibility: How easy would it be to add, remove, or change functionality? Could a new  mechanic or new content be added by changing data instead of changing code? (2 mark)  
- [x] Error handling: Are errors detected at appropriate places? Is the user prevented from  entering invalid input and guided toward valid input? (2 mark)  
- [x] Demonstration of collaborative work on Github. (2 mark)
